DOC improve calibration user guide (#25687)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/calibration.rst

Calibration curves
------------------

Calibration curves, also referred to as the *reliability diagrams* (Wilks 1995 [2]_),
compare how well the probabilistic predictions of a binary classifier are calibrated.
It plots the frequency of the positive label (to be more precise, an estimation of the

> *conditional event probability* :math:`P(Y=1|predict_proba)`) on the y-axis against the

Reviewer: The math renders as:

![Screenshot 2023-02-24 at 7 18 44 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5402633/221177401-5b190967-8077-44dd-aacc-717da8680d9f.jpg)

We'll have to do `P(Y=1|\text{predict\_proba})` to make it render correctly.

predicted probability :term:`predict_proba` of a model on the x-axis.
The tricky part is to get values for the y-axis.
In scikit-learn, this is accomplished by binning the predictions such that the x-axis
represents the average predicted probability in each bin.
The y-axis is then the *fraction of positives* given the predictions of that bin, i.e.
the proportion of samples whose class is the positive class (in each bin).

The top calibration curve plot is created with

> :func:`CalibrationDisplay.from_estimators`, which uses :func:`calibration_curve` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:func:`CalibrationDisplay.from_estimator`, which uses :func:`calibration_curve` to
```

.. currentmodule:: sklearn.linear_model

> :class:`LogisticRegression` returns well calibrated predictions by default as it is
> build the canonical link function for its loss, i.e. :ref:`log_loss`. This leads to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:class:`LogisticRegression` returns well-calibrated predictions by default as it is
built with the canonical link function for its loss, i.e. :ref:`log_loss`. This leads to
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know if we could be succinctly didactic to give a way to find out what a canonical link function is for users that are not necessarily used to the GLMs

Reviewer 2: Maybe a hyperlink redirecting to the GLM user guide is enough.

prediction of the bagged ensemble away from 0. We observe this effect most
strongly with random forests because the base-level trees trained with
random forests have relatively high variance due to feature subsetting." As

> a result, the calibration curve shows a characteristic sigmoid shape, indicating that

Reviewer 2: Are you against the idea of mentioning that what we call calibration plots are also known as reliability diagrams (I am not against moving such a statement elsewhere)?

Author: Not at all, but it is now at the top and not awkwardly in the comments for random forests.

the same variance [6]_. This can be a problem for highly imbalanced
classification problems, where outputs do not have equal variance.

> In general this method is most effective for a setting of small sample size or when the

Reviewer: Nit: Less wordy?

```suggestion
In general this method is most effective for small sample sizes or when the
```
